I dare not say that today.
Oh, my God, that's great. It turns out to be an ancient Han Chinese jewel.
This ancient Chinese jade
Isn't that worth hundreds of millions?
Every day hundreds of millions.
At least three or four hundred million.
This guy really has eyes.
If you beat one, it's three or four hundred million.
It's worth three or four hundred million.
That's right, teenager.
My auction house wants to pay 300 million.
It's not 350 million.
I'll sell you the nose today.
I told you.
This is bigger than my crystal milk bottle.
How can there be no value?
Thank you, beast.
No thank you, mostly you look good.
Dawn.
Now I'm going to take him home.
You have no opinion.
I lost to an idiot.
Me...
There are no comments
Then let's go.
Let's go home.
Stand up.
Li Ming Hao's fiancée was taken home by Qin.
Li Minghao and Qin Shao's fiancee has returned home.
Qin Fengming, sooner or later I will kill you.
Master Qin, I beg you to release me.
I didn't release you, but I won back.
Master Qin, Li Ming Hao and I are just getting engaged.
I'm not his wife.
He has no right to be my boss.
Then this life
I'm the boss for you.
Me...
Yes.
Money Phuong Minh
I was very angry when I heard that you withdrew the company's money to go to auction.
Let you come back quickly
Don't worry.
I'll be right back.
Wow.
Wait for me at home first.
I'll come to your house tomorrow to ask for a kiss.
Come on.
Master Qin wants to marry me.
But he's an idiot.